  The "2tone1180-1520v4-12sec.wav" file is for use is setting up the audio
  level going from the sound card to the radio, and the audio level going
  from the radio to the sound card.

  2 TONE TEST SIGNAL
  ------------------
  	
  The "2tone1180-1520v4-12sec.wav" file (2tone for short) is used to set the
  amplitude of the audio signal from the sound card to the radio.  The signal
  produced by playing the 2tone file lasts for 12 seconds.  It is the sum of
  a 1180 Hz and a 1520 Hz sinusoid.  For the first 3 seconds, the amplitude
  of the 2tone signal is the full scale reference level.  For the next 2
  seconds the amplitude is reduced by a factor of 0.707107, yielding a 3db
  drop in power relative to the first 2 seconds.  For the next 2 seconds the
  amplitude is further reduced by a factor of 0.707107, yielding another 3db
  drop in power, relative the the second 2 second interval.  This 6 second
  sequence is then repeated, thus there will be a 6db step up in power half
  way through the 12 second signal.

  	Usage
  	------
  To use the 2tone signal to set the amplitude of the signal going into the
  radio:
  	1) Listen to the 2tone signal from your computer's sound system,
  	   without transmitting anything via radio.  Make sure you can
  	   hear all of the  volume steps in the 2tone signal.
  	2) Transmit the 2tone signal via your radio.  Either monitor your
  	   transmission, with another radio, or have someone else monitor
  	   your transmission of the 2tone signal.  Adjust the amplitude
  	   of the signal coming from your sound card to your radio so that
  	   whoever is doing the monitoring of your transmission can hear
  	   all of the volume steps in the 2tone signal.

  When your transmission of the 2tone signal produces all of the volume
  steps in the signal, then you have a signal that is not driving your
  transmitter into non-linear operation (which is the desired situation).

  	What to Expect
  	--------------
  Since the modulated signals used to represent binary data have a
  higher peak to RMS ratio than does a Slow Scan signal, the audio from your
  transmissions, when the above procedure is used to set the audio level,
  will not be as loud as it normally is for a Slow Scan signal.  The person
  receiving your transmission may need to turn up the audio level on
  their receiver, from the setting they use to receive a Slow Scan signal. 
  This is normal.  Turning up the level going into the transmitter past the
  point of linear operation will produce a louder signal, but that signal
  will be distorted (likely) beyond to point of being usable.

